So one almost dangerous things. The job training Great Lakes for part
of damage control School centigrade waits for and way had to learn.
I personally want to go hot. You gotta fight a fire. I prefer to be.
No one does. You know what it's gonna take to know how long I could
take it? Suffered are up there was going to do that. That's about anything
that was physically dangerous. Um, you know, those times when
I had one of the aircraft crash on deck when I had a crash explosion
on deck with helicopters when I was a lot of shit on the last example
Clinically dangers. Hey, Atul. Our passion from our to the ship
blew up on my second ship on that fire. Had to be put out. Obviously
it's Charlie. Fire had isolate our fire out. So you see here normally
also, Mom, it's exciting. Every again, isn't it?